DOC Clarify when GroupKFold same as LeaveOneGroupOut (#24104)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/cross_validation.rst

could fail to generalize to new subjects. :class:`GroupKFold` makes it possible
to detect this kind of overfitting situations.

:class:`GroupKFold` is the same as :class:`LeaveOneGroupOut` in the case where

> `n_splits` is equal to the number of groups.

Reviewer: I'm thinking this information is better in the `LeaveOneGroupOut` section. As a reader learning about just `GroupKFold`, I think this is too much information. But if I was reading about `LeaveOneGroupOut`, it is nice to know that `LeaveOneGroupOut` is a special case of `GroupKFold`.

provided via an array that encodes the group of each sample.

Each training set is thus constituted by all the samples except the ones
related to a specific group. This is the same as :class:`LeavePGroupsOut` with
`n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

> number of groups

Reviewer 2: Wording tweak to avoid possible confusion with the parameter `n_groups`.

cross-validation folds.

Each training set is thus constituted by all the samples except the ones
related to a specific group. This is the same as :class:`LeavePGroupsOut` with

> `n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

Author: See suggested change: https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/24104#discussion_r941576489

I think only single backticks now render as code blocks, see rendered docs: https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/27ea1399-baac-45c4-8d8e-f3047890e8b2/artifacts/0/doc/modules/cross_validation.html#leave-one-group-out

I think single back tick function was changed here: https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/14817

> `n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

Reviewer 3: Oh, good to know. FWIW the double backtick still works also as in line 612 of the `.rst` file.

> `n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

Author: Yes, it's been suggested to me in another review to use single backtick but not sure if there is overall consensus on this.

> `n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

Reviewer: Single backticks and double backticks both work and do the same thing. These days, I prefer new contributions to use single backticks because:

1. Many contributors are coming from markdown which uses a single backticks. (There is less cycles when reviewing and asking contributors to use double backticks.)
2. Single backticks have less visible clutter when looking at a docstring in a Python REPR or Jupyter with `my_function?`.

Note that single backticks is configured with Sphinx's [default_role](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-default_role) which is `None` by default. From what I've seen, libraries choose the default that best fits their community. (There is no consistent `default_role` between libraries).

> `n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal to the

Author: Agree with the visual clutter!

> ``n_groups=1`` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` in the case where
> `n_splits` is equal to the number of groups

Reviewer: Nit: Using "with" here is more consistent with the first part of the sentence which says "with n_groups=1"

```suggestion
`n_groups=1` and the same as :class:`GroupKFold` with `n_splits` equal
to the number of groups.
```
